Hey, good morning, family.
I'm excited to be with y'all today.
I have a word for you.
I'm trying not to cry through the whole thing.
The Lord visited me last night.
Sorry, I'm going to get it together because I've got a message for you.
Help me, Holy Spirit.
Okay, all right, get it together here.
I had a visitation, an open-eyed vision that lasted for about an hour.
The Lord showed me a lot of what's to come.
God help everyone.
He told me to do two videos.
He said, 'I want you to separate it and don't do it all at once,' so I'll give you part one and part two.
But I'm going to give you the last of it first because it was holy.
When Jesus appeared, the first part was about the economy and what's coming financially for you people.
And then the last of it was his heart—a cry for the lost.
So I'm going to start with the vision.
In this vision, I saw the sun going down, and the Spirit of the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, the sun is setting on this dispensation of time.
' He said everything that humanity has been, this part of it is coming to an end.
The dispensation of grace is coming to an end, and they're going into the tribulation.
The tribulation is about to begin.
I saw the sun going down, right where it was getting ready to set, and I could see the sun coming through the clouds.
It was beautiful, but there was no time; everything was timeless.
It felt like there was no—you know when you feel your life is moving?
But it was just a total peace.
I could see the beautiful colors coming through; everything was so beautiful.
And then all of a sudden, Jesus stood there.
He had this beautiful robe on; I've never seen him wear it before in any visitation that I've had.
It had a white thread that was perfect right here, and it went into another garment underneath it.
He had a robe on top of it with a hood that had white around the top.
It was full of different embroideries, colors like I've never seen before, like tapestry.
He had a huge wooden staff in his right hand, and it went from the ground all the way up above his head.
It was a very thick-looking staff.
His face had so much compassion.
All of a sudden, I heard him say, 'One last call.
One last call.
I'm calling my sheep.
I'm coming.
One last call.
' It sounded like a horn blowing throughout this valley.
I looked upon this valley, and there was a valley of sheep on a green pasture.
Half of it was green, but half of it was dark.
All of these sheep that were the closest to him—because he was upon a hill—were watching.
The sun was setting; it was coming to an end.
Everything we've ever known as humanity, from the beginning with Adam and Eve to where we are right now, he said the sun is setting on time.
He yelled it: 'One last call!
' All of a sudden, down that valley, the sun started to shine upon the sheep.
There were heavy sheep with big fur, and there were skinny sheep that looked like they had been sheared and were completely bald.
They were grazing upon this grass, and all of a sudden, they looked to him and started to run to the Father, and he was waiting for them.
The heavy sheep were running—it was interesting because I could see their legs at a trot, almost like a gallop trying to get to the Father.
Some of the sheep were waddling because they were heavier than others.
Some sheep were barely moving, having a hard time, but they were on their way.
I could see the ones behind; his face looked distressed.
The Lord could see them, but they weren't watching.
They had gray fur and black on them.
The sheep behind were in the darkness, and they were eating, but they never heard him call.
They weren't paying attention; they just kept eating.
Time was running out, and they didn't even know it.
Those sheep were covered in soot, covered in black, grazing upon the land.
I just kept watching his face as he looked to see if they were going to hear him as he's calling because we're running out of time.
Humanity as we know it is coming to an end.
Humanity as it's been for the last 6,000 years, before we go into the millennial reign, we're fixing to go into the tribulation.
That's what he was trying to tell everybody: that there was one last call, one last harvest, one last push.
I told you all this before—that the bells will ring in the church one more time to sound the alarm of his coming.
Now he's given me this; he came to me personally and told me to tell you that there's one last call.
If you're living on the edge and not living for Jesus, is your boat ready?
Are you ready for the coming of the Lord?
Is your heart ready for the coming of your King?
If you're riding the fence, you better get your heart right before him because you're about to miss the boat.
The sun is setting, and people are asleep.
Some were awake and looking for the Lord.
Those sheep were attentive and heard his voice because the Bible says, 'My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
' One last call.
I saw that sun setting; it went down, and all of a sudden—this is the end of the vision with the Father.
I've never seen this before in the spirit realm.
I could see the sun coming down and the light shined directly into my spiritual eyes.
I could not see anything else; it was just fire all over me.
Then the sun set and went away.
The vision instantaneously stopped, and the Lord started to tell me, 'I want you to tell my people that there's one more call, Brandon.
There's one more call, and I'm coming.
I'm giving them one more chance; I'm trying to get a great harvest of souls.
' He was warning the people that he's coming.
Pray over Israel and the things that he's showing me.
A great shaking is coming—more than what anybody realizes.
People are not prepared for what's about to happen.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, it's time; you have to get your boat ready even more.
Separate yourself unto me.
' He showed me people on YouTube that I have known.
He said, 'Brandon, they'll be broke within a day; they're going to lose everything because their heart is not with me.
' He said every single one of them will be humbled; every single one of them will lose it that fast.
Everything that they've ever had.
Because, 'My heart is not that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
' But sometimes we go through hard times because we're too stiff-necked.
We are not listening, watching, or waiting.
We're not keeping our lamps full or making him Lord over our lives.
He's second, maybe third; you don't consult him at all.
Sometimes you go to church, sometimes you don't; you don't really care.
He's not Lord; he's not priority in your life.
There's going to be a great sifting of the sand, and you're going to see the good stuff rise to the top and the bad stuff go to the bottom.
There's a line being drawn in the sand, and God is saying, 'Who is for me and who is truly for me?
Who is truly just riding the fence and who is truly against me?
' Are you on the Lord's side?
If he calls one last call, do you hear his voice?
Are you the one that he's calling that's not listening?
Is your head down in that grass thinking that you're safe?
Do you truly believe that if Jesus came back today in the Rapture of the church, you would go with him?
Or is your relationship with God just convenient?
I have to ask you these things.
There's one last call.
He's trying to tell you that he loves you.
Do you hear him today?
Don't turn him away.
It's time for you to fall more in love with Jesus.
It's time for you to give your heart and be sold out.
None of the world and all of him.
'All to thee, my precious Lord, I surrender all.
' Have you surrendered all?
Are you riding the fence?
Do you have one foot in the world and one foot with Jesus?
Is it just a convenient relationship because you want fireproof insurance?
The compassion of Jesus is much more than that.
If you could truly see the compassion on his face that I saw for humanity—the concern that this dispensation of time is coming to an end—he wants not one man to perish, but all to come to repentance.
Will you give him a chance today?
Would you yield yourself over to him today?
Would you tell him, 'I want you to be my Lord and personal Savior'?
He's waiting with his arms wide open.
Stop running.
There are so many of you running, thinking, 'I'll yield over whenever I get older; I'll give my heart to Jesus whenever it's convenient; right now, I'm enjoying sin.
' But the Lord told me to tell you time is over.
Whether that is a year from now or five years, on the scale of eternity, it's nothing; life is a vapor.
Hell is forever; Heaven is forever.
Which one do you choose?
If you die tonight in your sleep, where will you spend eternity?
You say, 'I said the sinner's prayer when I was a kid, but I live like the world.
' The very thing you say you were saved from, you went back to.
You got baptized when you were ten, but you haven't spoken to him since.
Does he know you?
People say, 'I know Brandon,' but they don't know me; they just see me on YouTube.
You don't know me.
The only people who really know me are my kids, my wife, my mom, and my dad.
You may have heard Bible stories, but that doesn't mean you know him.
There's an intimacy with the Father that is a day-to-day process.
When he said, 'You prophesied in my name, you laid hands on the sick, and they recovered, you cast out devils in my name,' and he said, 'Depart from me, I never knew you.
' Does he know you?
To cast out a devil or lay hands on the sick takes faith, but do you know him?
I'm asking you today to check your heart and cry out to Jesus and make him your Lord and Savior.
Christianity is not always convenient; there's persecution.
But I stand with him, and he visits me.
He said, 'Brandon, the persecution will increase, but the anointing will also increase.
Do not fear man; fear me.
' I do it for him because I want him to say, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant; enter into my rest.
' Every day I say, 'Father, use me for your glory.
' For we have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known of him and not of me.
That's all I have for you on this video, but I want to give you all a chance to ask Jesus Christ to be your Lord and Savior.
Say this prayer after me: 'Father, I'm a sinner.
I've been away from you.
I ask you to come into my life and make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Forgive me and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I yield myself over to you; have your way in my life.
You're the captain of my ship.
I'm lost without you.
Thank you, Lord, that Jesus died for me and rose again on the third day.
' Believe it with your heart and say out your mouth that he's your Lord.
Then go find a Bible-believing church that prays, reads their Bible, and teaches you how to live by faith.
It's that easy.
Stop being a knucklehead; stop practicing sin.
We fall down and skin our knees, but we do not do it habitually on purpose.
When we mess up, we run to God, not from him.
Our sin is none of the devil's business, though he will tempt you and beat you over the head because he is the accuser of the brethren.
We have to get to a place where we say, 'Lord, have your way in me.
' That's called grace.
But there comes a point in time where people make a choice.
You choose to live in sin, looking at bad things on the internet or choosing fornicating and adultery.
You can say no; submit yourself to God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
Get yourself in the word, read the Bible, and pray.
We're all a work in progress, walking our salvation out with fear and trembling.
He will clean you up; it's a process.
For those with addictions, don't give up; just keep going to him.
When you fall, stand back up.
I bless you in the name of Jesus.
Thank you for watching.
If this blessed you, like the video, share it, and comment below; it helps the algorithm.
Persecution comes for the word's sake, but we just keep standing.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We will see you all in just a couple of minutes in the next video.
Bye-bye.